OSSMDOC-205: Document configuring federating meshes. (#35580)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-federation-prerequisites.adoc

////
This module included in the following assemblies:
* service_mesh/v2x/ossm-federation.adoc
////

[id="ossm-federation-prerequisites_{context}"]
= Federation prerequisites

The {ProductName} federated approach to joining meshes has the following prerequisites:

* Two or more {product-title} 4.6 or above clusters.
* Federation was introduced in {ProductName} 2.1. You must have the {ProductName} 2.1 Operator installed on each mesh that you want to federate.
* You must have a version 2.1 `ServiceMeshControlPlane` deployed on each mesh that you want to federate.
* You must configure the load balancers supporting the services associated with the federation gateways to support raw TLS traffic. Federation traffic consists of HTTPS for discovery and raw encrypted TCP for service traffic.

> * Services that you want to expose to another mesh should be deployed before you can export and import them. However, this is not a strict requirement. You can specify service names that do not yet exist for export/import. When you deploy the services named in the `ExportServiceSet` and `ImportServiceSet` they will be automatically made available for export/import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Services that you want to expose to another mesh should be deployed before you can export and import them. However, this is not a strict requirement. You can specify service names that do not yet exist for export/import. When you deploy the services named in the `ExportedServiceSet` and `ImportedServiceSet` they will be automatically made available for export/import.
```
